h1. PHP ActiveResource

This is a basic PHP class for accessing Ruby on Rails REST APIs in an ActiveResource style of coding. The benefit is easier use of RoR-based REST services without having to roll your own CURL-based client each time. Hopefully this class saves a few people some time coding in PHP against RoR-based REST services. It's by no means an exhaustive port, and some methods are missing, but it does try to cover all the basics.

Note:  You will need the php curl extension installed on your system. On Ubuntu, you can install them with:
<pre><code>sudo apt-get install php5-curl</code></pre>

h2. Usage

<pre>
<?php

require_once ('ActiveResource.php');

class Song extends ActiveResource {
    var $site = 'http://localhost:3000/';
    var $element_name = 'songs';
}

// create a new item
$song = new Song (array ('artist' => 'Joe Cocker', 'title' => 'A Little Help From My Friends'));
$song->save ();

// fetch and update an item, chaining statements
$song->find (44)->set ('title', 'The River')->save ();

// fetch and update, line by line
$song->find (44);
$song->title = 'The River';
$song->save ();

// get all songs
$songs = $song->find ('all');

// delete a song
$song->find (44);
$song->destroy ();

// custom method
$songs = $song->get ('by_year', array ('year' => 1999));

?>
</pre>

h2. Extra URL params

If you want to add extra params to the end of the url eg: an API key, you can set $extra_params

<pre>
<?php

require_once ('ActiveResource.php');

class Song extends ActiveResource {
    var $site = 'http://localhost:3000/';
    var $element_name = 'songs';
    var $extra_params = '?key=123456789';
}
</pre>
